 So I'll tell you a little story.
 On the second week, on the third week of October,
 within, I would say, probably two hours of giving the Bureau
 a complete dump on the laptop,
 including all of the Russian connections
 and all of the Chinese connections and all of that,
 I had a meeting in a hotel room with Tucker's executive producer.
 We spent about four hours in a little sleazy hotel room.
 And he had full access to the laptop, including the FBI report.
 And we went over the information,
 and he had the chance to verify everything,
 and I gave him a USB drive.
 And he spoke to Tucker,
 and they were going to publish the information.
 We're talking about a week before the elections of him, right?
 Uh-huh.
 And do you know what happened to that USB drive?
 Probably got crushed.
 No, Tucker lost it.
 You don't remember the story about UPS losing his shipment?
 No, I would have guessed Neil Patel would have shut that down.
 I don't know who shut it down, but...
 You're familiar with Neil Patel, though, right?
 But Tucker lost...
 He claims that the shipment from his executive producer from New York...
 Because he was in California at the time interviewing Tony Bobulinski.
 So he claims that the shipment of the drive was lost,
 and that's why he couldn't do anything about it.
 But Tucker is the one that actually handed Biden the election.
 Tucker Carlson out of all of them.
 And if you look at the drive, obviously,
 you'll find out all of the connections between Tucker and Hunter.
 No, so Neil Patel is also the senior advisor for Dick Cheney.
 Yeah.
 No, it wasn't Neil.
 I didn't meet with Neil.
 I met with another guy.
 Well, Neil Patel goes way back.
 He goes back with...
 Are you familiar with Jay Rouse?
 Yeah, it sounds familiar.
 Sounds familiar.
 I bet it does.
 I wonder if it was here or in foreign affairs.
 Yeah, so the story is a little bit more complex than it used to be.
 If people like Tucker shielded Hunter knowingly,
 and spiked the story,
 then, you know, Hunter actually relied on Tucker several times
 to save him, including the Ashley Madison leak.
 Tucker is the one that spiked that story.
 Yep, yep, absolutely.
 And Hunter, Jay Rouse, Neil Patel,
 they were all super close friends.
